hello how are you doing i hope you're
having a lovely
week so far today's video is going to be
something a little bit different
i'm going to be sharing with you my
evening routine and
stretch routine i'm hoping it's going to
be something a little bit more
then shall we say and i just want to
share
some of my tips for just chilling out on
an evening
this is actually something that i've
kind of struggled with in the past
because
since working for myself like i've just
struggled to find that like
cut off time like when to stop working
and in the past i've mainly worked
right up until i've gone to bed and that
just
didn't end very well like i was just
feeling really burnt out so yeah i just
wanted to share my routine
before we jump straight into it i would
really appreciate it if you could hit
this video with a like it really
supports my channel and i'll just go
ahead
so first things first and potentially
most important
is popping on some comfy clothes i've
just put on
some sweats i'm going to take selfie on
a little bit of a stroll
so this is way comfier than what i had
on earlier
so i've just brought canopy to a field
that's like not too far
from our house like we're so lucky where
we are because quite a lot of like green
spaces which are
penelope's absolute favorite place in
the entire world basically like
she's not very keen on walking on like
the pavements and stuff like on the
roadside
i think it's the cars and stuff but it's
really pretty here the sun
is just setting
there's definitely something about like
an evening stroll that is just
so therapeutic like whenever i'm feeling
stressed this is the first thing
that i do i just go for a little bit of
a walk but since getting penalty
literally the best decision ever because
we just love a lot together although
penelope needs
some extra training like she's so strong
in the lead at the moment like the
biggest she's got
so strong so i've just got back from our
walk and i'm just gonna
give the kitchen and house a little bit
of a tidy i've just got some washing to
put out
and i literally think this is so
important i can never really relax
properly if there's just like mess
everywhere i just feel like
it gives me anxiety on a whole so i'm
going to do that now
i'm really liking like massage music i
always type in relaxing massage
and just
[Music]
so i've just dimmed the lights in here
and i'm going to turn this
into a little yoga room first things
first
is candles
[Music]
so i'm just taking all my blinds down
in my living room
oh it's so cute and cozy in here this
might be like one of my favorite rooms i
think in the house
so i made it super cozy in my living
room
and i've just popped on blogging artie's
on youtube i'll leave them linked down
below but they do
loads of good like yoga flows that kind
of thing this one is
a particularly stretchy routine for
flexibility
so i just type that in on youtube and
follow along on there i really like the
guided ones
when it comes to yoga and stuff i like
the music that we put on
so i'm just about to do that
[Music]
so i just finished doing the yoga that
was so good
definitely going to make sure i do that
more often and
i'm going to put this out there to hold
myself accountable because it's
something
i don't do enough of but i do actually
quite enjoy it when i get into it
it's quite painful though like that was
a bit of a workout at the same time like
i felt like i was getting a bit sweaty
doing that so i'm glad i didn't shower
beforehand i'm determined
to be able to do the splits at some
point i'm just going to put the time in
it's always something i've wanted to do
but i've just never
put the time or effort or been
consistent with it now i've put and i've
said that out loud
it's definitely going to happen i don't
know how long it'll take me though but
i'm going to give it a good
shot but it really goes as also like
just to mention as well
like if you're strength training like i
do it's so important
to stretch after each session because
you're putting so much tension
on specific muscle groups and stuff you
really need to make sure
you're stretching otherwise you're just
going to get knots and end up being
really stiff and
that can just you could just done it
with like a long list of problems and
you can get injuries
all of that i am definitely gonna make
more of an effort to do
i'm really fancying sushi so i'm gonna
have a look on ubereats okay so
sushi for dinner which is absolutely
one of my favorites like you should have
seen on my instagram recently i have got
a serious obsession i absolutely love it
and
it was also a 25 promotion off which is
lovely so yeah i'm gonna order this now
i'm so excited
wow so i've just stood up and walked the
kitchen i can't even tell you like my
hips
feel so much looser like i got a bed and
it was like i felt like i was
oh i'm on a cloud one area of mine that
always gets so tight is definitely
my hips i feel like it always has been
so yeah i really need to make sure i
stretch out more but
just from doing that 24 minutes i can
already feel i feel so much
looser which is amazing i love that
feeling it's like you know you've had a
massage or something
[Music]
i just found myself a little peppermint
tea i only ever really fancy this like
on an evening it's never like my
daytime like go to drink don't really
know why
maybe because all i drink is like coffee
throughout the day mainly
and i'm just gonna take my omega-3 i get
these from
my protein and they've got like two
different types of just like normal
omega-3 and then these are
the amiga three plus and obviously these
are so good
just for like your hair skin now just
blowing literally everything
and and i hate three of these a day like
one in the morning and then
two on an evening i'm not gonna drink it
with that boiling hot water so i'll burn
oh god that slowly went down my throat
i'm just going to jump in the shower and
i just wanted
to show you the cleanser that i'm using
i don't use this to take my makeup off
but it's absolutely amazing it's quite
strong it's like medical grade
by a brand called a lumia so i use this
in the shower as well as like this is a
random
makeup cleanser in that concoction i'm
gonna pop in here and then i'll talk you
through
the rest of my skincare okay next up is
the silk pajamas honestly silk pjs if
you haven't tried them
an absolute game changer they're just
the comfy things you don't get too hot
if you sleep in them i don't really
sleep in them to prepare but
yeah they're just so complete so yes so
i've just got the shower and i have
cleansed my face but now i'm just going
to use
this pixi glow tonic toner
and then just this random eye makeup
remover
[Music]
i always use like um different pads like
for each eye
[Music]
then i'm just gonna pop this garnier
moisturize
bomb face mask on and i don't do this
obviously every night
of course but yeah
oh my god i look crazy ah ah
i'll just put myself in there i would
normally do this in a mirror
that's right behind me i really like
these ones by garnier as well i've got
one
another one here i'm gonna give it to
mason
then for the rest of my skincare i
always use
this acne balance serum mainly on a
night but i can only use it like
three to four times a week again this
brand is pretty
strong but so so good like this has
completely changed the complexion of my
skin
skin food just as i find that it's like
richer like more intensive
um and then like once a week i will use
these sienna x
tan drops these are really really good
um i can't use them like
crazily often just as it'll bring me out
in spots
but yeah these are really nice like they
create a natural glow
on your face these are my current
holy grail i absolutely must have like
skincare
i'm so glad that didn't smash but that
is not how i was
imagining drinking my peppermint tea i
don't know how that happened
so sushi has arrived so
i ordered some chicken katsu sushi
some tuna some salmon and
think this duck i only like discovered
this
recently and favorite sushi ever and
then i always use my own like fake
soy sauce this coconut aminos i got it
from amazon
i'll pop a link in the description but
this is really good and it's way better
for you than soy sauce
i've already been snacking away on the
sushi
but then we'll just put planet earth on
i love a bit of powder
um but it's quite late so i'm not gonna
watch your media though what do you want
[Music]
hmm
so i've been seeing this like this light
all over instagram it makes your nails
neon and i just
had to get it it was off amazon it
wasn't expensive
but it's so cool like there's loads of
different settings for the ceiling
but it's just so oh there we go you can
see it like changing
and it's got a little camera with it and
stuff you can do loads of different
colors
but it's just so nice and relaxing so i
always turn this on like since i've had
it
just like i'm getting ready for bed but
yeah it's just this little thing
down here a little bit of this i will
leave this in the description box as
well for you
so it's something that i've been using
really often actually is this massage
gun well it's quite good like if you're
trying to get at a certain
area i mainly use it on my legs to be
honest like i always seem to get really
tight hamstrings
and there's a few different settings and
you can also get like change this thing
but it's more like therapeutic i think
more than anything like i really like
using it on my neck as well
and i'm just going to write in my
gratitude journal
take off this absolutely massive amount
pillows
anyway i really hope you liked this kind
of
different video let me know what you
thought of it in the comments and if
you'd like to see
like a little morning version or
something i'd be really happy to do
that but yeah just you know if you want
to stick around
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and make sure you like this video
and i'll see you in the next one
[Music]
you